### Updating the kubeadm command reference documentation

kubeadm uses [Cobra](https://github.com/spf13/cobra) as a CLI library and the command line reference
documentation is generated automatically. The generated output can be found here:
* https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/setup-tools/kubeadm/kubeadm/

If a command or a command flag is added or removed this has to be reflected in the documentation on a new release.
The `kubernetes/website` repository has the tooling to facilitate this, but some manual steps are still required.

#### Example scenario: adding a new sub-command

- Implemented a new kubeadm configuration sub-command called `kubeadm config newcommand`.
- Run `./hack/update-generated-docs.sh`. This will generate new files in the folder `./docs/admin/` called `*newcommand*`.
- If you are sending a PR to `kubernetes/kubernetes` make sure that you add these files
to your commit.
- In your local copy of `kubernetes/website` navigate to this folder:
`./content/en/docs/reference/setup-tools/kubeadm/generated`
- Copy the new files from `kuberenetes/docs/admin/` to the this folder.
- Create a PR for `kubernetes/website` and add these files to your commit.
- Depending on the parent command of `newcommand` (in this case `config`) import the generated sub-command
in the parent command MD file like so:
	```
	## kubeadm config view {#cmd-config-newcommand}
	{{< include "generated/kubeadm_config_newcommand.md" >}}
	```
	Full example:
	* https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubernetes/website/master/content/en/docs/reference/setup-tools/kubeadm/kubeadm-config.md
- If need also add extra notes in the parent MD file.

#### Example scenario: removing a sub-command

- Remove the sub-command `kubeadm config newcommand` from the code base.
- Run `./hack/update-generated-docs.sh`.
- Remove the `*newcommand*` files from `./docs/admin/`
- Make sure that you commit these changes for your PR for `kubernetes/kubernetes`.
- When sending a PR for `kubernetes/website` make sure that you remove the generated files with the same names in:
`./content/en/docs/reference/setup-tools/kubeadm/generated`
- Also, remove includes and any notes about this command in the parent command MD file.
- Make sure that you commit these changes in your PR for `kubernetes/website`.

Please note that the tool `./hack/update-generated-docs.sh` generates documentation placeholders,
because the real documentation will be generated by the Kubernetes release process.
If you want to see a preview of the generated documentation use `./hack/generate-docs.sh` instead.
